Reorganize menu & add "get involved" section (#143)
PrestaShop/open-source: content/get-involved/_index.md

- **[Report a bug][report-bug].** If you notice a problem and you think it comes from the software itself.
- **[Request a feature][request-feature].** If you have an idea that could help improve the project for everyone.
- **[Submit code changes]({{< devdocs "contribute/contribute-pull-requests/" >}}).** The best way to help move the project forward by improving it yourself!
- **[Review code changes][review-code].** To ensure that suggested changes are correct and don't degrade the software's quality.
- **[Test code changes][test-code].** To make sure that a change produces the desired effect and nothing else.
- **[Improve the documentation]({{< devdocs "contribute/documentation/why/" >}}).** Help other people understand PrestaShop.
- **Issue gardening.** All newly reported bugs must be reproduced before they can be accepted.
- **[Translation](https://crowdin.com/project/prestashop-official).** Help translate PrestaShop into one (or more) of its 80 available languages.
- **[Write specifications](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs).** To formally describe how the software is supposed to behave in different scenarios.

### Other ways to contribute

> - **Raise awareness about the project.** You can write about the project blogs, discuss about it on social media, meetups, conferences, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Raise awareness about the project.** You can write blogs about the project, and discuss it on social media, meetups, conferences, etc.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Raise awareness about the project.** You can write blog articles about the project and discuss it on social media, meetups, conferences, etc.
```
